to show you is a leash Yonkers these are
brilliant and not this long and adequate
go was a really good and first one I'm
going to show you I'm going to show you
how you can copy an existing bunkie that
you've got so you can keep your best set
at home and use on your over bump keys
so that way you've always got an
original to get a copy from and you can
take one that you made yourself out and
about with you really simple so first
thing gonna be show you this and that is
an existing Yale bunkie that I've got
that is a existing Yale house key that
I've got and really simple to do all the
two together
see these collars here line these
collars up with each other and sometimes
it runs slightly out you see I've got
the ends flush yeah keep them flush
together pinch the two together get one
of these little D clamp things cheapest
chips I said G clamp lines not g string
don't go on us for the wrong thing at
the shop and basically all you need to
do try and keep this insurance pretty
awkward once you've got them in place
hold on tight if that I really could
tighten up looking at them now they're
almost lined up right we out pinching
down the lined up basically all you do
with this cutting small amounts at a
time try and do this world we're
watching it but are you doing see how
there's a top line there of pins event
riches on the key I'm going to cut them
out first because they don't need to be
on there we don't want them on our
bumkey so line that up snip that smaller
round off get to the next one
snip that small amount see I'm doing
those really small bits you're straight
down here and cut that big chunk as nice
and easy as that be you're going to ruin
you
is because so you're just doing small
snips at a time putting these little
bits off again better time abnormally
take a bit more time than this but
obviously cameras rolling trying to show
you that's how they work or not
basically you don't want to get bored
out you mind watching me realistically
I've normally have caught this in so
four or five video sections and just
don't half of it behind the scenes so
I'm not bothering you but this is a
blast key and it was fairly close to the
dimensions I wanted I'm just doing it
all live so you can see if you've got
these at home just how long it take you
to knock up a bump key yeah that's one's
slightly out at the bottom so straighten
it again and we're just gonna go over
them like spins I've done just to check
they're all okay
see how that's just sliding straight
through that tells me see this one isn't
that tells me when the slide straight
through like that you've got it right
just be stick you haven't right I don't
think that's taken long it might just
seem quick because I'm doing if you're
still awake it hasn't taken that long
there you go just name yourself a bumpy
basically all I do now I'd get what's it
got a thin file and I've just run the
file across it and just take a few
little bits out see if we can get that
basically that's it you've just
replicated a bunkie that I bump a lot
now so easy is that we Shankar is well
worth the money